Docs for proposed upgrade 4.1 (#331)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/progress/upgrades.md

For more information, see [Announcing Dionysus: The Next Etherlink Upgrade Proposal](https://medium.com/p/announcing-dionysus-the-next-etherlink-upgrade-proposal-4601c6920709).

## 4.1 upgrade

> On `<TODO DATE>` the Etherlink 4.1 upgrade went live on Etherlink mainnet.

Reviewer: Other upgrades also mention the activation block.  Is that deliberate not to do it for 4.1?

Author: Yes, I left it out intentionally here because we want to publish these docs before the upgrade actually goes live and at that point we won't know the block number. Is the block number important? I can add it in a later PR.

This upgrade includes:

> - An updated [governance process](/governance/how-is-etherlink-governed) that allows users to delegate their Etherlink voting rights to other keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An updated [governance process](/governance/how-is-etherlink-governed) that allows bakers to authenticate on voting contracts using voting keys
```
